Hall-2 Mess automation system.
==============================


* To Run already compiled run "java -jar project.jar" in linux or click project.jar in the "dist" folder.
* If compiling in netbeans use clean build.


Do following before watching it in action  ....

* To use install mysql only(not xampp) and start its server at port 3306 
  password of sql is "tiger" and database used is "test". Change the username and password as and when required.
  
####NOTE: If doing an update (yearly or for some other reason) backup your current database before proceeding. Easiest way is to run "mysqldump -uroot -ptiger test > backup.sql".
 
* To scrap data from web run "python scrapfromweb.py" in scrap_data folder. Edit the file to suit your needs.
* Create a database test if not already created.
* Run "python createdb.py" from scrap_data folder. Note that this step requires data generated by scrapfromweb.py . Both scripts can be easily manipulated to suit the needs of the user.
>Three types of tables are created by createdb.py.

> * "dues" : This table is used to store the overall expenses of a student in the given date range. This table is updated from scratch everytime excel files generation is triggered.
> * "s13xxxx" : An individual student's table if roll_no = 13240, table generated is s13240. It is used to store a student's full mess history along with date stamp. This is used to generate the "dues" table for a given date range.
> * "login" : This table stores stores the login credentials for running the application. At start insert a user using: 

> ####"INSERT INTO login (id,password) VALUES ("myid","mypassword")"

* You can now use the application using the above credentials. The coupon corner is for day to day data entry for mess extra. 
* The admin corner is used for generating excel files when required. A new functionality has also been added to add new students manually in the database.
* To make sure images show up for all student make sure that the image folder (current default: C:/image/ ) contains the corresponding rollno_0.jpg file in it. Example: 13240_0.jpg

Good Luck :)

In case of any query contact:  [Devashish Kumar Yadav](https://www.facebook.com/devashish.kumar.yadav)